All right, so
there's a little bit more as well.
We'll go ahead and just for clarity, so
we're not jumping up and down the page,
I'm gonna put that back now
that I've made my point.
So we can see everything in one place.
Also turns out, that this dot
state takes two arguments, right?
One, is either the object or
the function as we saw before, great.
The second one is,
some function that we will call after
it has updated the state, right.
So before when I made you look at that
console log and it was still zero, right?
That was setting us up for the fact that
we might want to do something
after that value has been updated.
We can not go ahead and do it here.
Cuz that will be the old value, right.
So if we want to do something afterwards,
I mean we can get fancy with like
component and update and
a bunch of stuff like that.
But that seems like a lot a ceremony
just to get the new value.
Turns out the second argument is what
we might call a callback function.
And this function's called after
the state has been updated.
[SOUND] All right, so it'll go ahead.
It'll run this function
to update the state.
It will call this function after
the state has been updated.
Let's go ahead and try that out.
I'm gonna put a second note there as well,
So you can see after.
If you threw one in here just to prove to
you that I wasn't lying to you before.
We'll see that even though this one comes
after it in terms of lines of code,
it is executed before because JavaScript
is asynchronous, and everything is hard.
So you can see the before fires, after.
Before fires,
obviously before the change, but
even though it was written
afterwards cuz this is asynchronous.
So if you need that new value,
then you end up in the situation
where you have to use this callback.
So there's a bunch of reasons why
you might want to do this, right?
I'm going to implement one and then you're
going to implement another one, right?
And so I'm going to say, hey, I would
love for this counter for some reason.
I'm trying to count how many times
someone didn't wash their plate.
And I was just keeping track of it,
right, because I'm a small person.
And I wanna store that in local storage
because the problem with this counter is
every time I refresh the page,
we go back down to zero.
That doesn't help if I'm like holding
a grudge against somebody, and
I'm trying to like keep copious notes
on all the ways that they've upset me.
So what we wanna do is,
we're gonna store it in local storage.
I'm gonna write one that
stores in local storage,
and then you're going to
do something very similar,
but we're gonna change the document
title to show us the same count.
Both of these are when the state changes,
we want to show something
somewhere else on the page.
Like places where we didn't think about
it either in the local storage, or
in the title bar.
Like other places later on in this
workshop will actually store in a query
parameter in the URL, right, so
that we can actually persist it and
load the counter up and like, share.
I want to say like, listen,
this is how many times Cody
didn't put his plate in the sink.
Right, and
I can share that link and slack.
We can all commiserate on it.
It'll be great.